Such a handsome face
It's a pity it's an acacia
Isn't the blind just what I want?
So no matter how bad I have a relationship with him
He can't see what he's doing.
Take it easy little brother
Can you stay here with me from now on?
I didn't expect my inner shadow to be so powerful
Three stars were born
How do you mean?
You don't really want to be here
You did it for those three irrelevant women back then
Self-destructing eyes
It hurts.
Even so
You can still break through the difficulties and obstacles
Become a Valkyrie
Such an obsessed body
It's hard to be unsettling.
Since you care so much about me
Then I'll make you disappear completely
You don't understand.
So cruel!
Stupid stuff
You can't hurt me here
That's it.
We are the shadow of your heart
Your every move has endless control